what can I say about a man came all the
ins and it's not confusing to the very
tough with profession it's solely on
intelligence grip and will harder to
push on brothers might fill a man who's
cannon to distance himself from his
tears and we're know I can say a bad
word about him well let the best man i'm
here to talk about chess
thank you that's your latest person like
the thing rickenbacker bridges this
wonderful ceremony and celebration
didn't want a lot last night pitched an
Ignis open the bank Jessa pepper to give
us pleasure Alan thank you logistical
the 18 years now it is bad very bad fill
the years this treatment be filled with
many good and obviously sunscreens and
sunday as many be popular but seriously
Jesse you will see you then it's been
the best kickers finally after knowing
Minot North Dakota right there with the
Air Force and just making my best
friend's beauty some of the best times
not like to spend thing and this wasn't
like they were you have been like a
father to me always there for me no
matter what never question a reason
never won anything for easter has a very
very healthy woman and search near the
members i well I think
together with the same spots on my walk
and dinner time grandson I'm probably
pulling my friend minus one so I invited
syndication and rapid on a salutation
crazy / this combination that you do
move up to the consummation
now